How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

As shown in lecture video finding little bugs or small typo is a tedious task, moreover in
several programming languages the type checking is not that strict so code might work without
any error. I guess in such cases a diff tool might come in handy.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient
programmer in the long term?

We all know that programmers write a program or application by creating certain milestones and
suppose after completing certain milestone I screwed up my code and I want ot revert back to code
till the previous milestone. To make changes manually to the file is a tedious task, moreover the
changes can be in multiple files. So if I had entire history of my project which I saved, let's say
after each milestone, then it would save me lot of time.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you
do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Manual Saving
Pros : We can save the changes to files, if there is a logical change, and adding a relevant
message desribing that change.
Cons : Only disadvantage is that if you forget to save the changes at right time, we just need
to keep in mind to save changes after each checkpoint(milestone).

Automatic Saving
Pros : You don't need to bother about saving the file. Good for text and README files. But
definitely not the code files.
Cons : The save made at particular interval of time might not be logical and restoring that
version might result into erros

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in
one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Git was made keeping in minfd keeping the versions of project, while doing a project we make
changes across several files, so it makes sense if we had the track of commits made,
describing which files were updated, while Google docs is a document editing tools its purpose
just to create docs and save it on drive. Automatic save feature is just to help user if we 
ever forget to save the doc(which helps while internet is down, or computer is out of power).

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log gives us whole history of commits which we have made in the repository, using --stat we
can even find the no of changes made in that commit and which files were updated, while using git 
diff we can check the difference between two different commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Well, I can revert to previous version of code at any point of time, provided that I am commiting my code regularly.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Try adding this reflection file into repo, by creating versio-control repo on git.
